Data Science Training.md, before:

| Course | Badge |
| ------ | :---: |
| [Data Fundamentals](https://skills.yourlearning.ibm.com/activity/PLAN-BC0FAEE8E439) | <img src="https://skills.yourlearning.ibm.com/api/v3/skills/images/edf1839d-4686-4f1b-b378-3c291b9239d5.png?type=other" alt="Data Fundamentals - IBM Skills Build" style="width:200px;"/> |
| [Artificial Intelligence Fundamentals](https://skills.yourlearning.ibm.com/activity/PLAN-7913EE1DB030) | <img src="https://skills.yourlearning.ibm.com/api/v3/skills/images/7cb53c91-a4a4-449a-9fcf-e213c19c9d53.png?type=other" alt="Data Fundamentals - IBM Skills Build" style="width:200px;"/> |
| [Data Science Tools](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/data-science-hands-open-source-tools-2) | ![Data Science Tools](https://cognitiveclass.ai/system/badges/icon_images/5f99/7bb6/7a32/d800/018b/d1f8/thumb/Data-Science-Tools-150x150-c-default.png) |
| [Data Science Methodology](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/data-science-methodology-2) | ![Data Science Methodologies](https://cognitiveclass.ai/system/badges/icon_images/5f99/842e/ea0d/9500/0179/6c67/thumb/Data_Science_Methodologies-150x150-c-default.png) |
| [Python for Data Science](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/python-for-data-science) | ![Python for Data Science](https://cognitiveclass.ai/system/badges/icon_images/5f99/8c61/164a/be00/01fe/87b0/thumb/Python-101-Data-Science-150x150-c-default.png) |
| [Data Analysis with Python](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/data-analysis-python) | ![Data Analysis with Python](https://cognitiveclass.ai/system/badges/icon_images/5f99/849a/84b9/f200/01f8/29ba/thumb/Data_Analysis_using_Python-150x150-c-default.png) |
| [Data Visualization with Python](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/data-visualization-with-python) | ![Data Visualization using Python](https://cognitiveclass.ai/system/badges/icon_images/5f99/84e6/a4dc/2900/0131/a36a/thumb/Data_Visualization_Using_Python-150x150-c-default.png) |
| [Data Privacy Fundamentals](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/data-privacy) | ![Data Science for Business – Level 1](https://cognitiveclass.ai/system/badges/icon_images/5f99/8e8b/84b9/f200/01f8/2a18/thumb/Data-Sci-Business-Level-1-CC-2019-150x150-c-default.png) |
| [Digital Analytics & Regression](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/course-v1:FiresideAnalyticsInc+ML0103EN+v1) | <img src="https://courses.cognitiveclass.ai/asset-v1:FiresideAnalyticsInc+ML0103EN+v2+type@asset+block@course_card.png" alt="Digital Analytics & Regression" style="width:200px;"/> |
| [Deep Learning Essentials](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/course-v1:DeepLearning.TV%20ML0115EN%20v2.0) | <img src="https://s3.us-south.cloud-object-storage.appdomain.cloud/sn-portals-cognitiveclass/badges/icon_images/5f99/8368/7a32/d800/018b/d236/thumb/Deep_Learning_Essentials-150x150-c-default.png" alt="Deep Learning Essentials" width="150"/> |
| [Build Your Own Chatbot](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/chatbot-course) | <img src="https://images.credly.com/size/340x340/images/b5243e36-b05f-426b-994a-87a535f1c217/Build_your_own_chatbot_-_CC_v3.png" alt="Build Your Own Chatbot - Level 1" width="150"/> |
| [Predictive Modeling Fundamentals I](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/predictive-modeling-fundamentals) | <img src="https://courses.cognitiveclass.ai/asset-v1:BDU+PA0101EN+v1+type@asset+block@course_card.png" alt="Predictive Modeling Fundamentals I" width="150"/> |
| [IBM Data Science Professional Certificate](https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-data-science) | <img src="https://d3njjcbhbojbot.cloudfront.net/api/utilities/v1/imageproxy/http://coursera-university-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/c0/87a10033a311e892619b85c6fd62bb/IBM-200x48.png" alt="Data Science Professional Certificate" width="150"/> |
| [Introduction to Data Science Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/introduction-data-science) | <img src="https://images.youracclaim.com/images/ac4daa48-1924-4dc5-80cf-ede5a08bac51/Data_Science_Foundations_Specialization.png" alt="Data Science Foundations Specialization" width="150"/> |
| [IBM AI Enterprise Workflow Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ibm-ai-workflow) | <img src="https://images.youracclaim.com/size/340x340/images/f96e14c2-4295-448d-ba9f-b36d9f2b3c99/Badge_C0004400.png" alt="IBM Certified Specialist - AI Enterprise Workflow" width="150"/> |
| [IBM Machine Learning Professional Certificate](https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-machine-learning) | <img src="https://images.youracclaim.com/images/f02ef07e-9cc2-4bc4-a316-ccfaedde8559/Professional_Certificate_-_IBM_Machine_Language.png" alt="IBM Machine Learning Professional Certificate" width="150"/> |
| [IBM AI Foundations for Business Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ibm-ai-foundations-for-business) | <img src="https://images.youracclaim.com/images/4b79cc62-d398-4d20-8a8b-ac15335ccc04/AI_Foundations_Specialization.png" alt="Artificial Intelligence Foundations Specialization" width="150"/> |
| [Applied Data Science Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/applied-data-science) | <img src="https://images.credly.com/size/340x340/images/fa32e912-a95a-478b-926f-3b98b586e55c/Adv_Data_Science_Specialization.png" alt="Applied Data Science Specialization" width="150"/> |
| [Generative AI in Action](https://www.ibm.com/academic/topic/artificial-intelligence?ach_id=9217fca4-c36f-4e1d-ab87-da43469344a5) | <img src="https://images.credly.com/size/340x340/images/8d1fe454-ecd2-40c1-b79f-b97ad326f8ea/Generative_20AI_20in_20action.png" alt="Generative AI in Action" width="150"/> |

## Learning Paths
* [Applied Data Science with Python](https://cognitiveclass.ai/learn/data-science-with-python)
* [Data Science Foundations](https://cognitiveclass.ai/learn/data-science) - [Level 1](https://cognitiveclass.ai/badges/data-science-foundations-explorer) to [level 2](https://cognitiveclass.ai/badges/data-science-foundations-graduate)
* [Data Science for Business - Level 1](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/data-privacy)
* [Data Science for Business - Level 2](https://cognitiveclass.ai/learn/data-science-business)
* [Deep Learning](https://cognitiveclass.ai/learn/deep-learning)
* [Scala Programming for Data Science](https://cognitiveclass.ai/learn/scala)

Commit message:

Update Data Science Training.md
More courses from https://skillsbuild.org/college-students/digital-credentials

Data Science Training.md, after:

| Course | Badge |
| ------ | :---: |
| [Getting Started with Artificial Intelligence](https://skillsbuild.org/college-students/digital-credentials/getting-started-with-artificial-intelligence) | <img src="https://skillsbuild.org/media/2024/04/Getting_Started_With_Artificial_Intelligence_Badge.png" alt="Getting Started with Artificial Intelligence" style="width:200px;"/> |
| [Data Fundamentals](https://skills.yourlearning.ibm.com/activity/PLAN-BC0FAEE8E439) | <img src="https://skills.yourlearning.ibm.com/api/v3/skills/images/edf1839d-4686-4f1b-b378-3c291b9239d5.png?type=other" alt="Data Fundamentals - IBM Skills Build" style="width:200px;"/> |
| [Artificial Intelligence Fundamentals](https://skills.yourlearning.ibm.com/activity/PLAN-7913EE1DB030) | <img src="https://skills.yourlearning.ibm.com/api/v3/skills/images/7cb53c91-a4a4-449a-9fcf-e213c19c9d53.png?type=other" alt="Data Fundamentals - IBM Skills Build" style="width:200px;"/> |
| [Building Trustworthy AI Enterprise Solutions](https://skillsbuild.org/college-students/digital-credentials/building-trustworthy-ai-enterprise-solutions) | <img src="https://skillsbuild.org/media/2023/02/Building-Trustworthy-AI-Enterprise-Solutions.png" alt="Building Trustworthy AI Enterprise Solutions" style="width:200px;"/> |
| [Building AI Solutions Using Advanced Algorithms and Open Source Frameworks](https://skillsbuild.org/college-students/digital-credentials/building-ai-solutions-using-advanced-algorithms-and-open-source-frameworks) | <img src="https://skillsbuild.org/media/2023/02/Building-AI-Solutions-Using-Advanced-Algorithms-and-Open-Source-Frameworks.png" alt="Building AI Solutions Using Advanced Algorithms and Open Source Frameworks" style="width:200px;"/> |
| [Generative AI in Action](https://skillsbuild.org/college-students/digital-credentials/generative-ai-in-action) | <img src="https://skillsbuild.org/media/2024/02/Generative-AI-in-action.png" alt="Generative AI in Action" width="200"/> |
| [Enterprise Data Science in Practice](https://skillsbuild.org/college-students/digital-credentials/enterprise-data-science-in-practice) | <img src="https://skillsbuild.org/media/2023/02/Enterprise-Data-Science-in-Practice.png" alt="Enterprise Data Science in Practice" width="200"/> |
| [Machine Learning for Data Science Projects](https://skillsbuild.org/college-students/digital-credentials/machine-learning-for-data-science-projects) | <img src="https://skillsbuild.org/media/2023/02/Machine-Learning-for-Data-Science-Projects.png" alt="Machine Learning for Data Science Projects" width="200"/> |
| [Data Science Tools](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/data-science-hands-open-source-tools-2) | ![Data Science Tools](https://cognitiveclass.ai/system/badges/icon_images/5f99/7bb6/7a32/d800/018b/d1f8/thumb/Data-Science-Tools-150x150-c-default.png) |
| [Data Science Methodology](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/data-science-methodology-2) | ![Data Science Methodologies](https://cognitiveclass.ai/system/badges/icon_images/5f99/842e/ea0d/9500/0179/6c67/thumb/Data_Science_Methodologies-150x150-c-default.png) |
| [Python for Data Science](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/python-for-data-science) | ![Python for Data Science](https://cognitiveclass.ai/system/badges/icon_images/5f99/8c61/164a/be00/01fe/87b0/thumb/Python-101-Data-Science-150x150-c-default.png) |
| [Data Analysis with Python](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/data-analysis-python) | ![Data Analysis with Python](https://cognitiveclass.ai/system/badges/icon_images/5f99/849a/84b9/f200/01f8/29ba/thumb/Data_Analysis_using_Python-150x150-c-default.png) |
| [Data Visualization with Python](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/data-visualization-with-python) | ![Data Visualization using Python](https://cognitiveclass.ai/system/badges/icon_images/5f99/84e6/a4dc/2900/0131/a36a/thumb/Data_Visualization_Using_Python-150x150-c-default.png) |
| [Data Privacy Fundamentals](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/data-privacy) | ![Data Science for Business – Level 1](https://cognitiveclass.ai/system/badges/icon_images/5f99/8e8b/84b9/f200/01f8/2a18/thumb/Data-Sci-Business-Level-1-CC-2019-150x150-c-default.png) |
| [Digital Analytics & Regression](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/course-v1:FiresideAnalyticsInc+ML0103EN+v1) | <img src="https://courses.cognitiveclass.ai/asset-v1:FiresideAnalyticsInc+ML0103EN+v2+type@asset+block@course_card.png" alt="Digital Analytics & Regression" style="width:200px;"/> |
| [Deep Learning Essentials](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/course-v1:DeepLearning.TV%20ML0115EN%20v2.0) | <img src="https://s3.us-south.cloud-object-storage.appdomain.cloud/sn-portals-cognitiveclass/badges/icon_images/5f99/8368/7a32/d800/018b/d236/thumb/Deep_Learning_Essentials-150x150-c-default.png" alt="Deep Learning Essentials" width="150"/> |
| [Build Your Own Chatbot](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/chatbot-course) | <img src="https://images.credly.com/size/340x340/images/b5243e36-b05f-426b-994a-87a535f1c217/Build_your_own_chatbot_-_CC_v3.png" alt="Build Your Own Chatbot - Level 1" width="150"/> |
| [Predictive Modeling Fundamentals I](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/predictive-modeling-fundamentals) | <img src="https://courses.cognitiveclass.ai/asset-v1:BDU+PA0101EN+v1+type@asset+block@course_card.png" alt="Predictive Modeling Fundamentals I" width="150"/> |
| [IBM Data Science Professional Certificate](https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-data-science) | <img src="https://d3njjcbhbojbot.cloudfront.net/api/utilities/v1/imageproxy/http://coursera-university-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/c0/87a10033a311e892619b85c6fd62bb/IBM-200x48.png" alt="Data Science Professional Certificate" width="150"/> |
| [Introduction to Data Science Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/introduction-data-science) | <img src="https://images.youracclaim.com/images/ac4daa48-1924-4dc5-80cf-ede5a08bac51/Data_Science_Foundations_Specialization.png" alt="Data Science Foundations Specialization" width="150"/> |
| [IBM AI Enterprise Workflow Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ibm-ai-workflow) | <img src="https://images.youracclaim.com/size/340x340/images/f96e14c2-4295-448d-ba9f-b36d9f2b3c99/Badge_C0004400.png" alt="IBM Certified Specialist - AI Enterprise Workflow" width="150"/> |
| [IBM Machine Learning Professional Certificate](https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-machine-learning) | <img src="https://images.youracclaim.com/images/f02ef07e-9cc2-4bc4-a316-ccfaedde8559/Professional_Certificate_-_IBM_Machine_Language.png" alt="IBM Machine Learning Professional Certificate" width="150"/> |
| [IBM AI Foundations for Business Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ibm-ai-foundations-for-business) | <img src="https://images.youracclaim.com/images/4b79cc62-d398-4d20-8a8b-ac15335ccc04/AI_Foundations_Specialization.png" alt="Artificial Intelligence Foundations Specialization" width="150"/> |
| [Applied Data Science Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/applied-data-science) | <img src="https://images.credly.com/size/340x340/images/fa32e912-a95a-478b-926f-3b98b586e55c/Adv_Data_Science_Specialization.png" alt="Applied Data Science Specialization" width="150"/> |

## Learning Paths
* [Applied Data Science with Python](https://cognitiveclass.ai/learn/data-science-with-python)
* [Data Science Foundations](https://cognitiveclass.ai/learn/data-science) - [Level 1](https://cognitiveclass.ai/badges/data-science-foundations-explorer) to [level 2](https://cognitiveclass.ai/badges/data-science-foundations-graduate)
* [Data Science for Business - Level 1](https://cognitiveclass.ai/courses/data-privacy)
* [Data Science for Business - Level 2](https://cognitiveclass.ai/learn/data-science-business)
* [Deep Learning](https://cognitiveclass.ai/learn/deep-learning)
* [Scala Programming for Data Science](https://cognitiveclass.ai/learn/scala)
